>####Agenda:
>>######1.Idea generation
>>######2.Case History
>>######3.Concept 
>>######4.Data set
>>######5.Why these data are relevant?

#1.Idea generation

>######What I'm looking for?

A significant dataset somehow related to UniRSM and:

a) the persons who live it

b) the physical structure

c) the relationship which occur between what is inside and/or what is outside

Data can be both physical or virtual.

>######Where am I supposed to start from?

It might be interesting to start from the virtual data generated by the users (which from now on I will call the community referring to them as a whole) while they are living their university life. All those data are managed by the internal server. This option links all the voices from the list above.

>######There's a need to fix some important definitions.

**Community**: a group of people living in the same place or having a particular characteristic in common. A feeling of fellowship with others, as a result of sharing common attitudes, interests, and goals. 

**Virtual community**: a community of people sharing common interests, ideas, and feelings over the Internet.

**Virtual identity**: is created by the user that acts as an interface between the physical person and the virtual person other users will see on their computer screen.

All these definitions (credits to wikipedia.org) lead to state that UniRSM is a physical and a virtual community. The first happens in a conscious way by sharing the physical place and by establishing personal relationship between students, but is the community aware of being a whole in a virtual sense? Are they conscious of the information they share by using the wi-fi connection the university provides? Are they aware of being a virtual community by definition without directly share their virtual identities?

>######Answering some practical questions

**What a server is**: a person or thing that provides a service or commodity, in particular. A computer or computer program that manages access to a centralized resource or service in a network.

**Server architecture in UniRSM**: by doing some inquiries to the IT manager I found out how the UniRSM is linked to the WWW and provides internet services. The architecture is quite complicated and not meaningful in my research but, just to know, there are three different locations that host the various [blade servers] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Blade_server). The main one is not hosted in Santa Chiara, although the Industrial Design Headquarter mounts these models: CISCO UCSC-C240-M3S ([spec sheet] (http://www.cisco.com/c/dam/en/us/products/collateral/servers-unified-computing/ucs-c-series-rack-servers/C240M3_SFF_SpecSheet.pdf) / [power supply requirements](http://www.cisco.com/c/en/us/td/docs/unified_computing/ucs/c/hw/C240/install/C240/spec.html)) and CISCO UCSC-C240-M3S (3 [Virtual Machines] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Virtual_machine)).  It's my intention to focus my efforts only on the server in Santa Chiara because it hosts meaningful data regarding the Industrial Design students.

**What the firewall does**: every bit that is produced or exchanged goes through the [firewall] (http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Firewall_(computing)) (from paloaltonetworks.com), which will be by data guru because, doing the right queries, it can provide any kind of data I can possibly look for. It also provides a static IP to every device connected to the WAN for 8 hours. 

**What I can access to**: private information are hosted there so I was able to have some example data but further permissions must be asked before I can handle that data in a public way. 

**Some examples**: 1) [Top Applications] (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1SiSH4i4zmAZ5fdKzxWl2JjGu20J3QZe5sBAJ5ff7ZgI/edit?usp=sharing) / 2) [Logs in a minute] (https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1S_haTHsBJXidYmybKfNqSWaotTzMt-CZCrTyBV45BqM/edit?usp=sharing)

1) Based on the connection to a specific external server that hosts the application, it provides the amount of data exchanged in a predetermined range of time (down to 15 minutes), classified even by sessions (the number of connections attempted to that specific app, in that specific time range)

2) This is the full log explanation: it provides several information like the source IP address (from the moment you connect to the WAN this is where your virtual identity will be living for the next 8 hours), where this IP is going (the external site), the language they have in common and in which they must be translate in order to speak to each other (NAT IP), if this communication is allowed and trusted (Rule), the number the site assigns to that communication (ID session), how long it has been connected (Elapsed Time), which is the nationality (Source and Destination Country) and how much they'd been given to each other (Package sent and received). I intentionally wrote this simplified explanations in order to get close to my concept.   

#2.Case History

I found three very inspiring projects skimming the book _Digital art and meaning_ by R. Simanowsky, which are presented related to one another:

1) [Making visible the invisible] (http://www.mat.ucsb.edu/g.legrady/glWeb/Projects/spl/spl.html), George Legrady, 2005

![] (http://www.mat.ucsb.edu/~g.legrady/glWeb/Projects/spl/s_b/v4b.jpg)

The installation is about the circulation of books and media in Seattle's public library. For what concern my project, I found that the categorization (Dewey classification system) which deals with numbers and letters, might have something in common with my data organization: information from a database are shown both as they are and after a process which makes them different from what they were, but the same data.

2) [Black and White] (http://marknapier.com/black_and_white), Mark Napier, 2002

![] (http://marknapier.com/assets/img/black_and_white/bw_kingjames_6144_complete_m.png)

_"It reads the 0s and the 1s on the CNN server and visually translates them into black and white patterns moving horizontally and vertically over the screen."_

This catch my attention for the use of the spy software, which process might be interesting in my project's future development.

3) [Ping Body] (http://marknapier.com/black_and_white), Mark Napier, 2002

![] (http://www.ibiblio.org/nmediac/summer2003/intamacy/borg.jpg)

_"...the time lag of data going to and from a server is measured and transformed into voltage, which then is directed to Stelarc's muscles, triggering their contraction and action on stage."_

Finally, a concrete way to disclose data with a multiplied significance: not only it deals with human body, but strictly connect the physical world to the virtual one and makes them comunicate dealing towards the supremacy between humans and machines matter.

#3.Concept

The main path (Plan A) I want to develop is: 

**UniRSM is a community, a virtual one too. Let it show the way it comunicates.** 

(Plan B: Collect data about the energy the server needs to run and the temperature)

#4.Data set
Define the virtual identity of the community which gives life to the UniRSM, by anthropomorphizing its virtual data, make them something comprehensible to the majority relating them to actual everyday life. For example: I connect my device to the WAN at 9.00 am and till 5.00 pm, I live in that address (IP address), I'm there, the virtual me is that specific sequence of numbers and this will dialogue with many other numbers received from where I go (Sites) and how I talk to (NAT IP), which nationality it has (Source and destination country) and how much we share (Packages). 

>######How can I get these data?

The trick is to program a process that daily will download the information I need from the firewall software or since the sw can send emails with the reports generated automatically, a software that will encrypt these information and upload to the dataset processor might be the ultimate back-end solution.
Another, more manual way is to ask the IT manager periodical reports and upload them in Google sheets, then a back-end software specifically designed will process them. 

#5.Why these data are relevant?
The purpose is to make aware the physical community of its parallel virtual life and give it a meaning beyond sequences of letters and numbers, comparing it with real life in symbiotic way which means the two coexisting lives enrich from one to another in a fun and visual way.
The place this dataset take is in _new ways of looking at things/places/concept_ and maybe in its actual develop as installation it will tend also towards _prompt reflections_.
